it is humid as hell in Florida we're
here for the bonus day because I decided
to book out a couple well an extra night
with me and Brodin so we're exploring
Miami Peters with us for a little bit
might do some aerial streaming we'll see
what we get up to her funeral
you know like some peeps we walk we like
we read through one time like transcript
like description is my father Sir
classic stuff I talk 10 favorite hobbies
to get like a costume
we'll roll play yeah I like to consider
myself spongebob although I have a
feeling I'm actually Patrick is the most
good word I've ever met
[Music]
we were require else trimming the other
day and we went past the tattoo shop and
we asked Bonnie and she said she wanted
to get a Patrick I got two in there she
says she wanted to get a Patrick tattoo
because that's her favorite character
and I asked her where and she said
you'll eat that honor but I was like
maybe you and I was like that's what I
would have said you were about Patrick I
wasn't saying a little bit Bonnie can
you film for me oh this is my new
blogger it's just just never followed me
around everywhere like this oh this is
so dokey wait let me see hold it up in
front of yourself
Oh captain my cat there
and
[Music]
tell me Bonnie what should I get I'm not
gonna go on the water that much so just
come to my feet in
were you looking actually 10.5 I'm
looking for new slippers are you
supposed are you supposed to wear socks
with sandals a shirt how much are all
these things I mean she yes I do care I
lost a couple thousand dollars during
hot line League the other day
Ronan charges me a bajillion dollars
every second like right this camera
right now as he's holding it there's
just a ticker going up at his mind
that's like $70 $80 $90 oh they think
it's gonna be great yeah what do you
guys think should we can you hold it up
next to toys
[Music]
which room should we go
regularly tomorrow with my pockets are
like super casual
[Music]
you have them so we were gonna go to the
beach and then Peter realized that as
you're going back to the hotel to change
his his shuttle had just pulled up and
he had to go to the airport so now it's
just us off on an adventure we're gonna
go back to the hotel and change doesn't
actually go to the beach I think I think
[Music]
all right so I am live streaming right
now but we are at the beach finally
after all these days made it to the
water I've seen it from afar and I see
it in person you Lee Bonnie are still
near Peter Peters on his plane somewhere
I don't know and Julia joined us she
works for rift Herald we're gonna see
what the water is like in South Beach Oh
Rodan wants me to tell you the audio
might be shitty those are the wind
I'm looking at Twitter
[Music]
your flip
what are you getting in the water ready
it's actually super warm at night
like I don't really
it's actually oh man it makes me wish I
was here longer
I like
public
[Music]
[Applause]
a crazy lady came up and tried to sell
us her handmade jewelry and then picked
up one of Bonnie's sandals and was
asking questions about it and I was like
pretty sure she was gonna try to steal a
sandal so I grabbed the other one I
didn't say anything cuz I'm
non-confrontational but I also I wanted
to grab my stuff
but I didn't want her to start yelling
at me what she did to Travis so at least
I didn't get the brunt of it and then
she yelled at me about potentially
stopping her from stealing something it
was really weird then she just said she
was gonna plop down we left we're on the
way to the hotel we're gonna get dinner
to be great we are going
it has been hung up
[Music]
well we and when I say we I mean me
Brodin and all these people all these
people are about to have dinner in a
second and then we're gonna go grab
drinks and maybe have an early night
since we all have flights home tomorrow
so that wraps up this day thanks so much
for watching
[Music]
[Applause]